There's the exit!
That took years off my life!
But it saved time, right?
Honestly...
Where will the talks be taking place?
Hmm...
Let's see...
To the northwest,
inside that mountain.
--How much time do we have left?
--Twenty minutes.
I hope we make it!
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"General of the Blazing Flame"
"ALfheim, Neutral Territory, Butterfly Valley"
I don't know if we'll make it there
before the Salamanders.
Yeah. Even if we can warn them,
we'll either barely get the leaders out,
or all die together in battle.
Players detected. A group
of 68 players is ahead.
That's probably the
Salamander attack force.
Fourteen more are up ahead.
Most likely the Sylph and
Cait Sith diplomats.
Fifty seconds until they make contact.
We didn't make it in time.
Thank you, Kirito.
This is far enough.
You go to the World Tree.
I'm going to save Sakuya.
It wasn't for long, but it was fun.
I hope we meet again!
Running away at this point
isn't really my style, so...
Why are there Salamanders here?
Everyone, sheathe your swords!
Who's that?
Sakuya!
--Leafa... What are you doing here?
--It's not easy to explain.
But the one thing I can say
is that our fates depend on him.
What is going on?
I want to talk to your commander!
What's a Spriggan doing here?
I'll kill you however you answer, but
in honor of your bravery, I'll hear you out.
My name is Kirito, an ambassador
for the Spriggan-Undine alliance.
Since you're attacking this place, I assume
you desire full-scale war with our four races.
An Undine-Spriggan alliance?
And you, without a single guard,
are their ambassador?
Yes, that's right. I'm merely here to negotiate
trade terms with the Sylphs and Cait Siths.
But if the talks are disrupted,
we won't stop there.
The four races will likely ally
against the Salamanders.
You're all alone, armed
with only mediocre gear.
You can't expect me to believe you.
If you withstand my assault for 30 seconds
I'll believe you're an ambassador.
That's generous...
This is bad.
That Salamander's two-handed sword...
It's the Demonic Sword Gram. I've heard you need
a two-handed sword skill of 950 to equip it.
N-Nine hundred fifty?
Yes. If he's using it, he must be
General Eugene. Do you know him?
I-I know the name.
Younger brother of the
Salamander leader, Mortimer.
I've heard they're brothers in real life.
The elder is a strategist. The younger, a soldier.
In terms of sheer power, he's said
to be the game's strongest player!
The game's strongest player...
Kirito...
What was that?
The Demonic Sword Gram has a bonus skill,
Ethereal Shift, letting it phase
when someone tries to block
with a shield or sword.
That's insane!
I'm amazed you're still alive.
What was that attack?
That hurts...
Hey, hasn't it been 30 seconds yet?
Sorry, but I've decided to kill you.
Now you have to survive until I do.
Damn it...
I'll show you!
This will be tough. They're equally skilled,
but Eugene's weapon is far superior.
Even so...
Even so, Kirito will...
What?
Let me borrow this.
K-Kirito?
Was that meant to buy you time?
He's gone?
Did he run away?
Of course not!
As long as I'm alive, I won't
let any party members die.
Kirito would never run.
Kirito!
Die!
--Splendid! Simply splendid!
--Wow, nice fight!
Hurrah!
Not bad!
I'm speechless!
You have some brilliant skills.
You're the most powerful
player that I've ever seen.
Hey, thanks.
To think someone like you was among the
Spriggans. The world's bigger than I thought.
Will you believe me then?
Gene, a word?
Kagemune? What is it?
That guy...
I'd prefer not to fight you one-on-one.
You know that my party was
wiped out yesterday, right?
Yes.
This is the very Spriggan who did it.
There was indeed an Undine with him.
Very well.
Then I suppose I must believe it.
It's true that neither I nor our leader
intends to fight the Undines and Spriggans.
We'll withdraw for now.
But someday, I'll fight you again.
Sounds good to me.
So there are some Salamanders
who can be reasonable!
You're really insane,
you know?
I get that a lot.
Excuse me, but could you
explain what's happening?
I see.
I did sense some degree of irritation
lurking in Sigurd's attitude.
Irritation? At what?
Most likely, he couldn't accept that,
in terms of power, we were falling
behind the Salamanders.
Sigurd's a man to whom
power is important.
Not just for his character
stats and abilities,
he also keenly desires
power as a player.
But even so, why would he
spy for the Salamanders?
You've heard about the 5.0 update
they'll be releasing soon?
Apparently, they're finally putting
in a reincarnation system.
--Then...
--Mortimer put him up to it.
"Bring us the head of your leader, and we'll
allow you to reincarnate as a Salamander."
So what will you do, Sakuya?
Rue, you've raised your
dark-magic skill, right?
Yes.
Open a Moonlight Mirror to Sigurd.
Sigurd.
S-Sakuya?
Indeed. Unfortunately, I'm still alive.
Why? I mean, how was the meeting?
It concluded successfully.
We must still sign the treaty though.
Oh, right... We had
an unexpected guest.
A g-guest?
General Eugene sends his regards.
Leafa...
So that's it!
Those incompetent lizards.
Well?
What will you do, Sakuya? Fine me?
Or kick me out of the government?
But without me running the military,
how long will your rule last?
No, if you cannot stand being a Sylph,
I thought I would grant your request.
Wh-What?
Are you insane?
"Your leader has stripped you of your rights as
a Sylph and banished you from your territory."
Me? You're banishing me?
That's right. You can wander
the neutral territory as a renegade.
I pray you will find something
new there to occupy your time.
Curse you...
Sakuya?
I thank you, Leafa.
I'm very happy you came to save me.
I didn't do anything.
You should thank Kirito.
That's true. Just who are you?
Hey, what you were saying about being
a Spriggan-Undine ambassador...
Is that true?
Oh, that was just a big lie.
A bluff, a con, a negotiation.
What a crazy man. To fabricate
that under those circumstances.
Whenever I have a bad hand,
I always raise the pot.
For a big liar, you're pretty strong.
Maybe you're the Spriggans' secret weapon?
Of course not. I'm just a
humble wandering bodyguard.
If you aren't tied down, why not
be a mercenary for the Cait Sith?
You'll get three meals a day,
plus snacks and a nap.
Kirito, was it? What do you say?
Since I've taken a personal interest in you,
how about a drink later in Sylvain, as thanks?
Wait...
That's not fair, Sakuya!
No seducing!
Who are you to talk?
You're clinging to him too much.
Stop it.
Kirito is my...
My...
Um, m-my...
I appreciate the offer.
But I'm sorry. She promised
to take me to the World Tree.
Oh? I see. That's a shame.
You're going to Arun, Leafa?
Sightseeing?
Or...
I was planning to leave the Sylphs...
But now I'm going to return to Sylvain,
although I'm not sure when.
Understood. I'm relieved.
Make sure you come back.
Bring him with you.
Stop at my place on the way back.
We'll throw you a party.
Thank you so much for
coming today, Leafa and Kirito.
Had we fallen, the disparity with the Salamanders
would have become insurmountable.
--I'd like to thank you somehow.
--No, it was nothing.
Hey, Sakuya... Alicia. Wasn't the goal
of this alliance to venture up the World Tree?
"World Tree" "Cait Sith Territory - Capital Freelia"
"Sylph Territory - Capital Sylvain"
Yes, ultimately.
"World Tree" "Cait Sith Territory - Capital Freelia"
"Sylph Territory - Capital Sylvain"
I want you to let us accompany you.
"World Tree" "Cait Sith Territory - Capital Freelia"
"Sylph Territory - Capital Sylvain"
And as soon as possible.
I have no objection.
Rather, we'd love to ask you to do so.
But why are you in such a hurry?
I came to this world to reach
the top of the World Tree,
in order to meet someone
who may be there.
The Fairy King Oberon?
No... I don't think so.
It's someone I can't reach
in the real world,
but I have to see, no matter what.
However, it will probably take time
to prepare all the raid members' equipment.
More than just a day or two...
I see...
That's true.
For now, since my only goal is to reach
the base of the tree, we'll work out the rest ourselves.
Oh, right.
If you want, you can
add this to your war chest.
S-Sakuya! Look!
All these 100,000-Yuld mithril pieces!
You're sure? This could
build a castle on prime land.
I don't mind.
I don't need it anymore.
This will get us really close
to the amount we need.
We'll ready our equipment as quickly as we can.
And when we're set, we'll call you.
Thank you.
Thanks! See you soon!
It kind of feels like none
of that really happened.
Honestly...
I told you no cheating, Daddy.
Wh-What are you talking about?
When those leaders were clinging
to you, your heart was pounding.
W-Well, guys can't help it!
Jeez.
H-Hey, Yui, aren't I a problem?
It looks like you're okay.
Wh-Why?
It doesn't really feel like you're a girl.
Wait... Hey.
What does that mean?
I-I mean you're easy to get along with...
In a good way... Yeah.
Never mind that! Let's get going
to Arun! Or the sun will set on us!
Hey, wait!
8-11-3-2-3-2-9.
Kirito, I'll do my best, okay?
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "The Truth About ALfheim."